test:Addition of data preprocessing script, decoupling data preprocessor from the tuning (#459)
foundation-model-stack/fms-hf-tuning: docs/advanced-data-preprocessing.md

### Example data configs.

We provide some example data configs [here](../tests/artifacts/predefined_data_configs/)

## Offline Data preprocessing

[This script](../scripts/offline_data_processing.py) provides the capability for users to perform standalone data 
preprocessing, decoupled from the tuning/training part. It processes raw datasets, performs data preprocessing, and 

> saves the train and validation datasets in shards as a parquet file in the specified `output_dir`. A data config YAML file can be used to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
saves the train and validation datasets (in shards if `--num_dataset_shards` if passed) in parquet format inside the specified `output_dir`. A data config YAML file can be used to
```

pass configuration to this script. Example command to run this script:

```
python scripts/offline_data_processing.py \
--data_config_path  /path/to/data_config.yaml \
--model_name_or_path "model_name"  \
--max_seq_length 4096 \
--output_dir /path/to/output/directory  \
--log_level info \

> --num_datasets_shard 3

Reviewer: nit: Rename `num_dataset_shards`
